First of all,
let us see some technical details about saving objects to a database.
We need a Person class,
and we already have one because we created it in the previous module,
and we also need a database.
And since creating, configuring, installing a database is a tedious process,
we are going to use a very simple database,
which is an in-memory database and that basically does
not need any kind of configuration.
It is the H2 database,
and we are going to be able to launch simple SQL queries on this database.
We will also need a table to add instances of Person in,
and we are going to see all that in detail.
Here is, once again,
the Person class we are going to work on with two annotations,
the PrimaryKey, which has been covered in the previous module,
and the Column annotation on the name and on the age field.
We are adding here a name attribute to this Column annotation to specify
the name of the column we want to write those values in.
This annotation attribute is something that we didn't see
in the previous module and that we are going to cover in the demo part of this module.